1.
Question 1
Imagine you are building an Android app in which you will need multiple UI elements consisting of the same structure. Which of the following is true about how you should define the composable for this UI element?

1 / 1 point

You should use the traditional view system instead.



You should define the composable once in such a way that it is reusable. 



You should ensure the composable is the root of the tree



You should define one composable for each occurrence of the UI element. 


Correct
That’s correct! Composable functions can take in parameters and emit a UI element which can be reused in many parts of your application.

2.
Question 2
How does an Activity allow the user to interact with an Android app? 

1 / 1 point

It allows the app to access system resources. 



It allows the user to view content.



It provides the window for the app's user interface and allows the user to interact with the UI elements. 


Correct
That’s correct! An Activity is the app component that contains the user interface. 

3.
Question 3
 What is an XML file used for in an Android project?

1 / 1 point

 Styling a view



 Defining a ViewGroup



 Storing structured information


Correct
That's correct! An XML file in an Android app stores information on how the Android OS should draw the views on the screen.

4.
Question 4
What is the Activity lifecycle?

1 / 1 point

States an activity instance goes through from start to termination



A collection of callback methods



A method of placing an activity’s content



A function for determining the screen orientation


Correct
Correct! An activity progresses through different states such as created, started, and resumed while an app is in use.

5.
Question 5
Which of the following are examples of view groups? Select all that apply. 

0 / 1 point

LinearLayout


Correct
That's correct! A LinearLayout linearly organizes the contained views horizontally or vertically as a single row or a single column.


GridViewLayout


This should not be selected
Not quite. Please review the reading 
UI representation in XML
.


FrameLayout


Correct
That's correct!  FrameLayout is designed to block out an area on the screen to display a single item.


RelativeLayout


Correct
That's correct! A RelativeLayout specifies the position of contained views relative to each other.

6.
Question 6
What is a Composable in Android UI Development? 

1 / 1 point

A library of user interface components.



A reusable component in Jetpack Compose. 



An animation used to transition between activities 


Correct
That’s correct! In Jetpack Compose, each UI element is represented by a special function called composable.

7.
Question 7
Which file must you add the Jetpack Compose Preview library dependency to in order to use it in your project?

1 / 1 point

build.gradle



MainActivity.kt



strings.xml


Correct
Correct! To use Jetpack Compose preview add the line implementation androidx.ui:ui-tooling:0.1.0-dev13 to your build.gradle file.

8.
Question 8
Which of the following is an Invisible UI element that acts as a container to other views?

1 / 1 point

Layout



A tree



View group



View


Correct
That's correct! View groups are a special kind of view that do not have an appearance of their own.

9.
Question 9
When you are specifying the size of a text element on an Android UI, you can use the sp unit of measurement. This term is shorthand for?

1 / 1 point

Scale-independent pixel.



Pixel Point



Scale-dependent pixel


Correct
Scale-independent pixel is correct. It is similar to dp and often used to specify font sizes.

10.
Question 10
Which of the following lays out composables horizontally?

1 / 1 point

View



Row



Box



Column


Correct
That's correct! The main axis for a row is the horizontal axis, so you can set the horizontal arrangement.
